Add changelog for BI extension v1.1.0 release (#44)
wso2/vscode-extensions: workspaces/ballerina/ballerina-extension/CHANGELOG.md

All notable changes to the "Ballerina" extension will be documented in this file.

## **5.2.0** (2025-07-12)

### Major Features

- **Bundled Language Server**: Ballerina Language Server is now bundled with the extension, eliminating separate installation requirements and improving startup performance
- **Configurable Editor v2**: Complete redesign of the configuration editor with enhanced UI/UX and improved functionality

> - **Type Editor Revamp**: Comprehensive overhaul of the type editor with modern UI components and a better user experience

Reviewer: Shall we update the message as following

```suggestion
- **Type Editor Revamp**: A redesign of the type editor to improve feature discoverability and deliver a better user experience
```

### Added

- Enhanced AI file upload support with additional file types for improved analysis capabilities
- Documentation display in Signature Help for a better developer experience during code completion
- Enhanced service resource creation with comprehensive validation system for base paths, resource action calls, reserved keywords, and new UX for creating HTTP responses

### Changed

> - **Project Management**: Refactored artifacts management and navigation system for better organization

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Integration Management**: Refactored artifacts management and navigation
```
seems the same point is duplicated under **User Interface**: , shall we remove that (L50)
